[GEOS-11137] Update SECURITY.md with coordinate disclosure policy (#7138)
geoserver/geoserver: SECURITY.md

If your organisation is making use of a GeoServer version that is no longer in use by the community all is not lost.
You can volunteer on the developer list to make additional releases, or engage with one of our
[Commercial Support](http://geoserver.org/support/) providers.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

If you encounter a security vulnerability in GeoServer please take care to report in a responsible fashion:

* Keep exploit details out of public mailing lists and issue tracker
* Send details to volunteers on private geoserver-security@lists.osgeo.org mailing list; or via
  GitHub [security](https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver/security) page using *Private vulnerability reporting*
* Be prepared to work with geoserver-security email list volunteers on a solution
* Keep in mind particpants are volunteering their time, an extensive fix may require fundraising / resources

Please send a mail directly to geoserver-security@lists.osgeo.org (moderated list with no possibility to subscribe,
please just send directly to the address, the mail will be evaluated and eventually posted) and provide information

> about the security issue you might have found there.

Reviewer: I think it would be good to have a note here about some form of acknowledgement/response that a reporter can expect to receive. Eg. "Your report should be acknowledged within XX working days" or something of that fashion

Author: While the CRA will try and mandate such a thing; we do not wish to place an obligation on the volunteers of geoserver-security email list. Indeed this is why I keep highlighting volunteers to make it clear there is not a contract in place.

I could be explicit about that:

> *  Keep in mind particpants are volunteering their time, an extensive fix may require fundraising / resources
> * The volunteer nature of geoserver-security list means that there is no expected response time.
>   If your issue is urgent you are welcome to drop in to the [video chat meeting](https://geoserver.org/devel/) held every two weeks as this is an appropriate venue for sensitive discussion.

> about the security issue you might have found there.

Author: ```suggestion
about the security issue you might have found there. The volunteer nature of geoserver-security list
means that there is no expected response time. If your issue is urgent you are welcome to drop in to
the [video chat meeting](https://geoserver.org/devel/) held every two weeks as this is an appropriate
venue for sensitive discussion.
```

For more information see [Community Support](http://geoserver.org/comm/).

## Coordinated vulnerability disclosure

Disclosure policy:

> 1. Vulnerability has been verified by working with the geoserver-security list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The reported vulnerability has been verified by working with the geoserver-security list
```

> 2. GitHub [security advisory](https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver/security) used to reserve a CVE number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. GitHub [security advisory](https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver/security) is used to reserve a CVE number
```

> 3. Fix or documentation clarification is accepted and backported to both the stable and maintenance branches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. A fix or documentation clarification is accepted and backported to both the "stable" and "maintenance" branches
```

> 4. Fix included for stable and maintenance downloads (released as scheudled, or issued via emergency update)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. A fix is included for the "stable" and "maintenance" downloads (released as scheduled, or issued via emergency update)
```

This approach provides ample time for upgrading ensuring you are always working with a supported GeoServer release.

If your organisation is making use of a GeoServer version that is no longer in use by the community all is not lost.
You can volunteer on the developer list to make additional releases, or engage with one of our
[Commercial Support](http://geoserver.org/support/) providers.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

If you encounter a security vulnerability in GeoServer please take care to report in a responsible fashion:

* Keep exploit details out of public mailing lists and issue tracker
* Send details to volunteers on private geoserver-security@lists.osgeo.org mailing list; or via
  GitHub [security](https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver/security) page using *Private vulnerability reporting*
* Be prepared to work with geoserver-security email list volunteers on a solution

> * Keep in mind particpants are volunteering their time, an extensive fix may require fundraising / resources

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Keep in mind participants are volunteering their time, an extensive fix may require fundraising/resources
```

Please send a mail directly to geoserver-security@lists.osgeo.org  and provide information
about the security vulnerability you might have found there. This is a moderated list:
send directly to the address; your email will be moderated; and eventually shared with volunteers.

> The volunteer nature of geoserver-security list means that there is no expected response time. 

Reviewer 2: But the list above says one can also use the Github path?

Author: Yeah I don’t know how to phrase it as an option .. any ideas?

Reviewer 2: It's just that first you present options, but in this list it mandates to start with a mail to the security list instead. The process is then not clear.

For more information see [Community Support](http://geoserver.org/comm/).

## Coordinated vulnerability disclosure

Disclosure policy:

1. The reported vulnerability has been verified by working with the geoserver-security list
2. GitHub [security advisory](https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver/security) is used to reserve a CVE number
3. A fix or documentation clarification is accepted and backported to both the "stable" and "maintenance" branches
4. A fix is included for the "stable" and "maintenance" downloads (released as scheduled, or issued via emergency update)
6. The CVE vulnerability is published with mitigation and patch instructions

> This represents a balance between transparency and particpation that does not overwhelm particpants. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This represents a balance providing transparency while avoiding overwhelming participants. 
```

This approach provides ample time for upgrading ensuring you are always working with a supported GeoServer release.

If your organisation is making use of a GeoServer version that is no longer in use by the community all is not lost.
You can volunteer on the developer list to make additional releases, or engage with one of our
[Commercial Support](http://geoserver.org/support/) providers.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

If you encounter a security vulnerability in GeoServer please take care to report in a responsible fashion:

* Keep exploit details out of public mailing lists and issue tracker
* Send details to volunteers on private geoserver-security@lists.osgeo.org mailing list; or via
  GitHub [security](https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver/security) page using *Private vulnerability reporting*
* Be prepared to work with geoserver-security email list volunteers on a solution
* Keep in mind particpants are volunteering their time, an extensive fix may require fundraising / resources

> Please send a mail directly to geoserver-security@lists.osgeo.org (moderated list with no possibility to subscribe,
> please just send directly to the address, the mail will be evaluated and eventually posted) and provide information
> about the security issue you might have found there. The volunteer nature of geoserver-security list
> means that there is no expected response time. If your issue is urgent you are welcome to drop in to
> the [video chat meeting](https://geoserver.org/devel/) held every two weeks as this is an appropriate
> venue for sensitive discussion.

Author: ```suggestion
Please send a mail directly to geoserver-security@lists.osgeo.org  and provide information
about the security vulnerability you might have found there. This is a moderated list:
send directly to the address; your email will be moderated; and eventually shared with volunteers.
The volunteer nature of geoserver-security list means that there is no expected response time. 
```
